Improve recordGrouping demo description (#524)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/RecordGrouping/description.md

> The **DataGrid** supports data grouping by a column or multiple columns. 

Reviewer: I'd like to update this to avoid the -ing form ("grouping"), if possible. I also think it's better to mention "users", since they are the ones who will be performing these actions. For example:

`The **DataGrid** allows users to group data by a single column or multiple columns.`

Can we say something like this instead?

> To group data by a single **column**, apply the [groupIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#groupIndex) property to it. This property accepts a zero-based index number that controls column ordering. In this example, the data is grouped by the *State* column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To group data by a single **column**, apply the [groupIndex](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#groupIndex) property to it. This property accepts a zero-based index number that controls the column order. In this example, the data is grouped by the *State* column.
```

> To group data, users can drag and drop column headers onto and from the area above the grid. This area is called the [groupPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/). Set its **visible** property to **true** when you need to show it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To group data, users can drag and drop column headers onto and from the area above the grid. This area is called the [groupPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/). Set its **visible** property to **true** to show it. 
```

> Groups are displayed on the [groupPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/) above the grid. To show the **groupPanel**, set its **visible** property to *"true"*. 

Reviewer 2: The important piece of information about regrouping is missing.

```suggestion
Groups are displayed on the [groupPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/groupPanel/) above the grid. To show the **groupPanel**, set its **visible** property to **true**. Users can drag and drop columns onto and from the group panel to regroup data.
```

> It is possible additionaly set user interaction-related grouping parameters. To do so, use the [grouping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/grouping/) object that accepts properties like. This demo illustrates the use of [autoExpandAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/grouping/#autoExpandAll) parameter that specifies whether the groups appear expanded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the [grouping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/grouping/) object to specify user interaction settings related to grouping. This demo illustrates the [autoExpandAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/grouping/#autoExpandAll) property that specifies whether the groups appear expanded.
```
